---
layout: page
title: Credits
---

### [Sabina Pringle](https://sabinapringle.commons.gc.cuny.edu/) | Digital Humanist,  Legal Assistant, Adjunct Lecturer in English

Sabina Pringle is a candidate for the Master of Arts in Digital Humanities at The Graduate Center – CUNY in May 2020. She is adjunct Lecturer in English at City College of New York and Legal Assistant in the Office of Legal Affairs and Labor Relations at Baruch College and will be a student in the JD in Public Interest Law evening program at CUNY School of Law from August 2020. Sabina was Fulbright Teaching Assistant at Universidad del Atlántico, Barranquilla, Colombia for academic years 2015-16 and 2016-17. BA in English Literature, City College of New York.

### [Ed](https://elotroalex.github.io/ed/) | Jekyll theme by Alex Gil

Ed is a Jekyll theme designed for textual editors based on minimal computing principles, and focused on legibility, durability, ease and flexibility. Its underlying technology is easy to learn and teach, and can produce beautifully rendered scholarly or reading editions of texts meant to last.

### [Gisella Lopez Bautista](https://www.behance.net/giseB) | Artist

Gisella López is an artist from the Colombian Caribbean, Founder of **La Isla Bonita Gallery**, a collective of independent artists from the Caribbean that has been operating since 2014 and presents **Brujería**, an annual group exhibition and a performing arts event that brings together artists, critics and the public in Barranquilla. Meritorious thesis from the School of Fine Arts of the Universidad del Atlántico, Barranquilla, for Gise’s capstone in 2016, **“Tenoria: the story of how I got to the house of La Negra Eufemia.”** This project involved intervening in the public space by papering the sides of buildings in the Barrio Centro of Barranquilla with 1,010 silkscreen posters bearing the image of La Negra Eufemia, a character from Gabriel García Márquez's novels. Gise has exhibited her work at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Bogotá (2017). She created illustrations and posters for for *Cuento de Invierno: Shakespeare en el Caribe(2016)*, intervened in public spaces with large-scale graffiti and a series of murals in Barranquilla and Bogotá, as well as numerous signs for shops and market stalls in the Barrio Centro of Barranquilla.

### [Ilian David Sanchez Rodriguez](https://pirryma3.wixsite.com/iliansanchez) | Artist

Ilian Sanchez works with a variety of media, including painting, spray paint, photography, video, and other digital media. Co-founder of **La Isla Bonita Gallery**, Ilian produced the yearly artistic event **Brujería** from 2014 to 2019 as well as Barranquilla’s contemporary urban art festival **Hidden Walls** (2019). His capstone **Dirty Money** for the School of Fine Arts of the Universidad del Atlántico, Barranquilla, earned him an award to participate in Proyecto Tesis at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Bogotá (2015). Ilian won a Portafolio de Estímulos Distrital grant to participate in **Drapart** in Barcelona (2017). Selected exhibitions include **TODO A 500**, Gallery of the Pilot Library of the Caribbean (2017); **Proyecto TESIS 2015**, Museum of Contemporary Art of Bogotá (2015); **Dirty Money 2.0**, Salón Pedro Biaba, Barranquilla (2015); and works in collective *Brujería* exhibitions (2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019). Second honorable mention in the First MAUA Fine and Visual Arts Salon (2010). Ilian creates street art and has intervened in public spaces with large-scale graffiti in Barranquilla, Cartagena, Bogotá, Barcelona and Valencia, mostly in collaboration with Gisella López. Ilian's independent video productions include **Nueva Era** (2014), **trip up with the dark marimonda**, Ficbaq-winning **filminuto** (2015), **Green Blood** (2013), and **Vomito es lo hay** (2019).

---

## Acknowledgments

Like many digital humanities projects, **DH in Prison/Intro to DH** is built upon and informed by community work. I am strongly indebted to the CUNY Graduate Center [Digital Humanities Program](https://www.gc.cuny.edu/Page-Elements/Academics-Research-Centers-Initiatives/Masters-Programs/Digital-Humanities) for providing a real community and for facilitating many formal and informal gatherings, workshops, academic events and conversations that informed and nourished my work.

I am deeply grateful to my thesis advisor Matthew K. Gold who inspired me, encouraged me, helped me sharpen, develop and scope my ideas, bore with me and supported me along the way. I am also deeply grateful to Patrick Smyth for his encouragement and support (Patrick told me back in 2018 that this project "has legs," which, coming from Patrick, meant a great deal to me) and for kindling in me, through his awesome pedagogy, a real love for coding and exploring the affordances of digital tools for doing meaningful humanities work. I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to all the [GC Digital Fellows](https://digitalfellows.commons.gc.cuny.edu/) who welcomed me weekly in their office hours, helped me when I got stuck, taught me in their workshops and always generously shared their expertise. Particular thanks to Javier Otero Peña, Olivia Ildefonso, Filipa Calado and Rafael Davis Portelo. I want to thank Lisa Marie Rhody for her encouragement and advice and for organizing the GC DHRI, which is a model that guides this project in many ways. I am grateful to Alex Gil, Marii Nyröp and the [Global Outlook::Digital Humanities](http://www.globaloutlookdh.org/) for their work and conversations which inspired, informed and guided mine, and specifically to Alex for the [Ed.](https://elotroalex.github.io/ed/) Jekyll theme and for its excellent documentation.

I also want to extend my sincere thanks to my fellow student and friend Carolyn McDonough, who listened to me, gave me lots of ideas, supported me and shared much-needed comic relief in our conversations about a fictitious "valve therapy" treatment to decompress when the rigors of academic work required a break. I want to thank Irma Ostroff and Lance Jay Brown for looking at endless iterations of this project, sharing my enthusiasm, and encouraging and listening to me. I am grateful to Olga Dais for her continued support and encouragement, and to Lisa Hochstadt for her ongoing encouragement and support and for helping me prepare my lightning talk. Sincere thanks to Carla Cappetti, Joshua Wilner and Barbara Gleason for teaching me a lot of what went into this thesis, and to Ilian David Sanchez Rodriguez and Gisella Lopez Bautista for their support and for jumping in with their awesome art work.

Last but not least, I want to thank the students I tutored at Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn for helping me manifest my concept, and to understand some of the things that they would need to help them learn if a **DH in Prison/Intro to DH** or similar course were made available to them.

---
